Modifications for generator unification (#491)
firesim/firesim: docs/Advanced-Usage/Manager/Manager-Configuration-Files.rst

"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

This specifies the basic target design that will be built. Unless you

> are defining a custom system, this should either ``FireSim``. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are defining a custom system, this should be set to ``FireSim``. These
```

> are defined in ``firesim/sim/src/main/scala/firesim/Targets.scala``. We

Reviewer: @jerryz123 is this still correct?

Reviewer: (this is referring to

are defined in ``firesim/sim/src/main/scala/firesim/Targets.scala``.

)

Author: These docs are quite stale, they predate the firechip->chipyard merge.

Reviewer: can we just remove that sentence with the path then for now
